well, great
year of repack shoot by ancient mark of the century
40 handles mouth cleaned and everything like this
okay look okay with me
new phone samsung galaxy s5 now
let's enter Nikita Mikhalkov Regina yes you
cho i fool you
Yes Nitsche terrible see why we
some kind of Nikita Mikhalkov because here
camera 16 megapixels she shoots in 4k
2163 is fast but 30 seconds on you
her
let's talk about a hundred here when u
my friend is at home for free on the Internet
minutes downloaded create
but
I
school whisper
I understand
being hate love from not bad
doctor
windows we get them from us
as also on to sides
to the second lesson us
and actually to the first lesson on
second at the tractor
how i shake my hand on the second chill
really
science house
early in the morning
mom will she thinks I'll go to
first lesson
but it won't be like that
and so will not be so will not be math
nicknamed mother ama crime
because if we are dangerous fold Vasya is
click clack band at the top to get us
don't try skipping the first lesson i
longer sleep my bed do not complement
Nikita x created a hypotenuse in them there
bidemashki
didn't go to class from and get deuce five
or even blueberries are full of blockades but by the hand
I dream of a model while you're in class I
I sleep your posts to us nobody called that
whether i'm bad fuck your lies in me lives
I won't go to school tomorrow I will say big and
as a second lesson miner
tsuna couple
put on which
lunohod
you first deed, I deceived you moms
second lesson which neatly
how to us to the second lesson
somehow
to build a
shifted
here is a group for this battle
video blogger
follow the link in the description
I will vote for us because we will go to
next steps
then we will do a lot of cool work
for you 8 to vote for us and waiting for you
a bunch of surprise with your support and
voting with us cool mushrooms